Apply tags from the python (#1257)
jupyter/docker-stacks: tagging/README.md

# Docker stacks tagging and manifest creation

The main purpose of the source code in this folder is to properly tag all the images and to update [build manifests](https://github.com/jupyter/docker-stacks/wiki).

> These 2 processes are closely related, so the source code is widely reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two processes are closely related, so the source code is widely reused.
```

### Manifest

`ManifestHeader` is a build manifest header.
It contains information about `Build datetime`, `Docker image size` and `Git commit` info.

All the other manifest classes are inherited from `ManifestInterface`:

```python
class ManifestInterface:
    """Common interface for all manifests"""
    @staticmethod
    def markdown_piece(container) -> str:
        raise NotImplementedError
```

- `markdown_piece(container)` method returns piece of markdown file to be used as a part of build manifest.

`AptPackagesManifest` example:

```python
class AptPackagesManifest(ManifestInterface):
    @staticmethod
    def markdown_piece(container) -> str:
        return "\n".join([
            "## Apt Packages",
            "",
            quoted_output(container, "apt list --installed")
        ])
```

- `quoted_output` simply runs the command inside container using `DockerRunner.run_simple_command` and wraps it to triple quotes to create a valid markdown piece of file.
- `manifests.py` contains all the manifests.
- `create_manifests.py` is a python executable which is used to create the build manifest for an image.

### Images Hierarchy

> Hierarchy of all the images, taggers and manifests is defined in `images_hierarchy.py` file.
> `get_taggers_and_manifests.py` file helps to get all the taggers and manifests for a specific image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All images dependencies on each other and what taggers and manifest they make use of is defined in `images_hierarchy.py`.

`get_taggers_and_manifests.py` defines a helper function to get the taggers and manifests for a specific image.
```

I wasn't confident about the meaning of hierarchy so I rephrased the sentence to be a bit explicit about that.
